readme.md, before:

<a name="readme-top">

<br/>

<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/blanca890/WD-seatwork3">
  <!-- TODO: If you want to add logo or banner you can add it here -->
    <img src="../WD-seatwork3/assets/img/LOGO.jpg" alt="Nyebe" width="130" height="100">
  </a>
<!-- TODO: Change Title to the name of the title of your Project -->
  <h3 align="center">Seatwork #3 Header and Footers</h3>
</div>
<!-- TODO: Make a short description -->
<div align="center">
  This project aims to demonstrate expertise in HTML and CSS by incorporating multiple pages, effects, and container manipulations, along with providing different variations of headers and footers.
</div>

<br />

<!-- TODO: Change the zyx-0314 into your github username  -->
<!-- TODO: Change the WD-Template-Project into the same name of your folder -->
![](https://visit-counter.vercel.app/counter.png?page=zyx-0314/blanca890/WD-seatwork3)

---

<br />
<br />

<!-- TODO: If you want to add more layers for your readme -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#overview">Overview</a>
      <ol>
        <li>
          <a href="#key-components">Key Components</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="#technology">Technology</a>
        </li>
      </ol>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#rule,-practices-and-principles">Rules, Practices and Principles</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#resources">Resources</a>
    </li>
  </ol>
</details>

---

## Overview

<!-- TODO: To be changed -->
<!-- The following are just sample -->
This project illustrates HTML and CSS coding across diverse header and footer designs, coupled with animations. Its purpose is to offer practical coding experience and tangible results.

Guiding Question:
- What is the project
- Whats the purpose
- What are key components
- What technology used and how it is used

### Key Components
<!-- TODO: List of Key Components -->
<!-- The following are just sample -->
- MultiPage Website/Single Page Website
- Parallax transition
- Transactional

### Technology
<!-- TODO: List of Technology Used -->
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)

## Rules, Practices and Principles
1. Always use `WD-` in the front of the Title of the Project for the Subject followed by your custom naming.
2. Do not rename any .html files; always use `index.html` as the filename.
3. Place Files in their respective folders.
4. All file naming are in camel case.
   - Camel case is naming format where there is no white space in separation of each words, the first word is in all lower case while the succeding words first letter are in upper followed by lower cased letters.
   - ex.: buttonAnimatedStyle.css
5. Use only `External CSS`.
6. Renaming of Pages folder names are a must, and relates to what it is doing or data it holding.
7. File Structure to follow below.

```
WD-ProjectName
└─ assets
|   └─ css
|   |   └─ style.css
|   └─ img
|   |   └─ fileWith.jpeg/.jpg/.webp/.png
|   └─ js
|       └─ script.js
└─ pages
|  └─ pageName
|     └─ assets
|     |  └─ css
|     |  |  └─ style.css
|     |  └─ img
|     |  |  └─ fileWith.jpeg/.jpg/.webp/.png
|     |  └─ js
|     |     └─ script.js
|     └─ index.html
└─ index.html
└─ readme.md
```

## Resources

<!-- TODO: Add References -->
| Title | Purpose | Link |
|-|-|-|
| Sample Title | Sample purpose would be here like this and this is the example of what it is. | trykolang.com |

Commit message:

-adjust the hero & font -add animation -add header nav in header-gallery page -add some logo -update the readme

readme.md, after:

<a name="readme-top">

<br/>

<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/blanca890/WD-seatwork3">
  <!-- TODO: If you want to add logo or banner you can add it here -->
    <img src="../WD-seatwork3/assets/img/LOGO.jpg" alt="Nyebe" width="130" height="100">
  </a>
<!-- TODO: Change Title to the name of the title of your Project -->
  <h3 align="center">Seatwork #3 Header and Footers</h3>
</div>
<!-- TODO: Make a short description -->
<div align="center">
  This project aims to demonstrate expertise in HTML and CSS by incorporating multiple pages, effects, and container manipulations, along with providing different variations of headers and footers.
</div>

<br />

<!-- TODO: Change the zyx-0314 into your github username  -->
<!-- TODO: Change the WD-Template-Project into the same name of your folder -->
![](https://visit-counter.vercel.app/counter.png?page=zyx-0314/blanca890/WD-seatwork3)

---

<br />
<br />

<!-- TODO: If you want to add more layers for your readme -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#overview">Overview</a>
      <ol>
        <li>
          <a href="#key-components">Key Components</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="#technology">Technology</a>
        </li>
      </ol>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#rule,-practices-and-principles">Rules, Practices and Principles</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#resources">Resources</a>
    </li>
  </ol>
</details>

---

## Overview

<!-- TODO: To be changed -->
<!-- The following are just sample -->
This project illustrates HTML and CSS coding across diverse header and footer designs, coupled with animations. Its purpose is to offer practical coding experience and tangible results.

Guiding Question:
- What is the project
- Whats the purpose
- What are key components
- What technology used and how it is used

### Key Components
<!-- TODO: List of Key Components -->
<!-- The following are just sample -->
- MultiPage Website/Single Page Website
- Parallax transition
- Transactional

### Technology
<!-- TODO: List of Technology Used -->
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)

## Rules, Practices and Principles
1. Always use `WD-` in the front of the Title of the Project for the Subject followed by your custom naming.
2. Do not rename any .html files; always use `index.html` as the filename.
3. Place Files in their respective folders.
4. All file naming are in camel case.
   - Camel case is naming format where there is no white space in separation of each words, the first word is in all lower case while the succeding words first letter are in upper followed by lower cased letters.
   - ex.: buttonAnimatedStyle.css
5. Use only `External CSS`.
6. Renaming of Pages folder names are a must, and relates to what it is doing or data it holding.
7. File Structure to follow below.

```
WD-ProjectName
└─ assets
|   └─ css
|   |   └─ style.css
|   └─ img
|   |   └─ fileWith.jpeg/.jpg/.webp/.png
|   └─ js
|       └─ script.js
└─ pages
|  └─ pageName
|     └─ assets
|     |  └─ css
|     |  |  └─ style.css
|     |  └─ img
|     |  |  └─ fileWith.jpeg/.jpg/.webp/.png
|     |  └─ js
|     |     └─ script.js
|     └─ index.html
└─ index.html
└─ readme.md
```

## Resources

<!-- TODO: Add References -->
| Title | Purpose | Link |
|-|-|-|
| Website Design Inspiration | I use this tutorial for designing websites.| https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IXucQAEkIMo&t=1165s&ab_channel=TahmidAhmed |
| Boxicon & Remixicon | Button animation enhances buttons by making them more interactive and visually appealing. For example, a button may change color or size when hovered over or clicked. | https://boxicons.com/ https://remixicon.com/ |
| Google Fonts  | Google Fonts provides a variety of free, high-quality fonts for websites. It allows easy integration of custom fonts to enhance typography across different platforms. | https://fonts.google.com/ |
| Button animation | Sample purpose would be here like this and this is the example of what it is. | https://dev.to/webdeasy/top-20-css-buttons-animations-f41 |
